Update the contributing section in the main README (#336)
open-telemetry/otel-arrow: README.md

For more details, see the following [benchmark results](docs/benchmarks.md) page.

## Contributing

For information about contributing to the project see:
[CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

> We meet every-other-week on Thursdays, at 8AM PT. The meeting is subject to change 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We meet every other Thursday at 8AM PT. The meeting is subject to change 
```

> PT and 4PM PT. The meeting is subject to change depending on contributors'

Author: Need to put the correct meeting time once the meeting is scheduled.

> We meet weekly on Tuesdays, and the time of the meeting alternates between 9AM
> PT and 4PM PT. The meeting is subject to change depending on contributors'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We meet every-other-week on Thursdays, at 8AM PT. The meeting is subject to change depending on contributors'
```

for specific dates and for Zoom meeting links.

Meeting notes are available as a public [Google
doc](TBD).
If you have trouble accessing the doc, please get in touch on
[Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C07S4Q67LTF).

The meeting is open for all to join. We invite everyone to join our meeting,
regardless of your experience level. Whether you're a seasoned OpenTelemetry
developer, just starting your journey, or simply curious about the work we do,
you're more than welcome to participate!

[Maintainers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/guides/contributor/membership.md#maintainer)
([@open-telemetry/arrow-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/arrow-maintainers)):

- [Joshua MacDonald](https://github.com/jmacd), Microsoft
- [Laurent Qu&#xE9;rel](https://github.com/lquerel), F5

[Approvers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/guides/contributor/membership.md#approver)
([@open-telemetry/arrow-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/arrow-approvers)):

- [Alex Boten](https://github.com/codeboten), Honeycomb
- [Drew Relmas](https://github.com/drewrelmas), Microsoft

> - [Moh Osman](https://github.com/Kielek)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Moh Osman](https://github.com/moh-osman3), ServiceNow
```
